README.md, before:

# Techack1

### Purpose:
It is a portable pen-testing device; it has a CC1101 module with 433 MHz, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and USB HID functionality. It is meant to be super small and a multi-tool for geeks.
### Features:
##### Wifi
- Probe Request Sniffer
- Authentication Flood
- EAPOL Start Flood
- Packet Monitor
- Captive Portal
- PMKID Capture
- Detect Pwnagotchi
- Scan APs

##### Bluetooth
- Bluetooth Sniffer
- Detect Card Skimmers
- Airtag Sniffer
- Bluetooth Analyzer
##### USB HID
- Custom code idk
##### 433 MHz
- idk yet I have never used a CC1101 module before so I will test it when I get it.

### Photos:
<img width="504" height="654" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acec1dff-22a8-4336-a41f-347051ecb642" />
<img width="783" height="840" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 170800" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08461f5e-fe85-4b41-b13d-4c573de44955" />
<img width="805" height="806" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 170733" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e8f805d-4636-4c6a-89b1-708f6d420245" />
<img width="1152" height="796" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/849bbdfa-ac3a-4044-8c06-d2a4eea31c89" />

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Price:
<img width="1121" height="820" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/268b9c2e-7417-4b81-bf2a-b206497346fa" />
<img width="1804" height="737" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 172854" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/75ba9917-e1dd-45ad-8251-a54f57348c5e" />
<img width="1853" height="600" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 172735" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fdb2c7bc-fd48-447b-acb6-77bd5ae156ea" />

|            | Total  |
|------------|--------|
| PCB        | 102.80 |
| AliExpress | 11.13  |
| Total:     | 113.93 |

Commit message:

Update README with note on 3D model design
Added note about 3D model design and measurement process.

README.md, after:

# Techack1

### *NOTE* 
I will design the 3D model for the project AFTER I receive the device as many sources of sizing of the parts are not clear, and some sources conflict with each other. I have 3D printed a Calpier so that I can measure the sizes:
<img width="300" height="179" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/24229ee5-06c7-4b32-a6a0-ba9ada6166d8" />


### Purpose:
It is a portable pen-testing device; it has a CC1101 module with 433 MHz, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and USB HID functionality. It is meant to be super small and a multi-tool for geeks.
### Features:
##### Wifi
- Probe Request Sniffer
- Authentication Flood
- EAPOL Start Flood
- Packet Monitor
- Captive Portal
- PMKID Capture
- Detect Pwnagotchi
- Scan APs

##### Bluetooth
- Bluetooth Sniffer
- Detect Card Skimmers
- Airtag Sniffer
- Bluetooth Analyzer
##### USB HID
- Custom code idk
##### 433 MHz
- idk yet I have never used a CC1101 module before so I will test it when I get it.

### Photos:
<img width="504" height="654" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acec1dff-22a8-4336-a41f-347051ecb642" />
<img width="783" height="840" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 170800" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08461f5e-fe85-4b41-b13d-4c573de44955" />
<img width="805" height="806" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 170733" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e8f805d-4636-4c6a-89b1-708f6d420245" />
<img width="1152" height="796" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/849bbdfa-ac3a-4044-8c06-d2a4eea31c89" />

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Price:
<img width="1121" height="820" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/268b9c2e-7417-4b81-bf2a-b206497346fa" />
<img width="1804" height="737" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 172854" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/75ba9917-e1dd-45ad-8251-a54f57348c5e" />
<img width="1853" height="600" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-30 172735" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fdb2c7bc-fd48-447b-acb6-77bd5ae156ea" />

|            | Total  |
|------------|--------|
| PCB        | 102.80 |
| AliExpress | 11.13  |
| Total:     | 113.93 |
